Add RELEASING.md (#1114)
twosigma/Cook: executor/RELEASING.md

Releasing Cook Executor
=======================

Cook Executor is released on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/cook-executor/)

Prerequisites
-------------
Ensure you can build the executor followng the instructions in README.md

Install `twine`:
```bash
pip3 install twine
```

Test Release
------------
Since PyPI does not allow modifying releases, it can be useful to test a release using their test instance.
```bash
rm -rf dist/*
python3 setup.py sdist bdist_wheel
python3 -m twine upload --repository-url https://test.pypi.org/legacy/ dist/*
```
Then, in a separate virtualenv for testing:
```bash

> pip install  --index-url https://test.pypi.org/simple/ --no-deps cook-executor==$VERSION

Reviewer: `pip3`?

Author: Done

pip install pymesos==0.3.9 # install any other required dependencies from the main pypi repo
cook-executor
```

> If there is an issue with the release, you can just release another version. They are GCed periodically from the test instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is an issue with the release, you can just release another version. They are GC-ed periodically from the test instance.
```

Author: Done
